So today is Monday.
Yesterday was Easter and we had a wonderful time celebrating the resurrection of Jesus Christ together here at Calvary Church.
Throughout Lent, we have been walking with Jesus. We have been focusing our time and our energy
on spending time with Jesus
on the journey through Lent.
And I pray for you that it has been a special time.
We've now come to the end of Lent. We've celebrated Easter together and I'd like to leave you with
Kind of maybe one last thought.
And there's
A couple of verses at the end of John chapter 20. Yesterday we were in John chapter 20.
And there's two verses at the end where
The Apostle John shares
Kind of his purpose statement.
for the book of John. Let me read these to you.
Jesus performed many other signs in the presence of his disciples.
Which are not recorded in this book.
But these are written, that you may believe.
that Jesus is the Messiah
The son of god.
and that by believing
You may have life,
In his name.
John tells us here the purpose for why he's written this book.
He wants you. He wants me. He wants us to believe that Jesus is the Messiah, the Son of God.
And in doing so,
We don't just receive a series of teachings.
All other world religions are based on a series of teachings.
Mohammed,
In Islam, they proclaimed teachings to follow.
Buddha.
From Buddhism, there's a series of teachings.
Confucius provides teachings for people to follow.
With Christianity, it's much different.
Jesus offers himself.
It's a person.
You receive a relationship with Jesus.
Yeah, there's teachings.
But they're secondary.
To the person of Jesus Christ.
So as we end this time of Lent and celebrating in Easter,
I just want to remind you,
Continue your walk with Jesus.
The person of christ.
Recognizing that he is the Messiah.
The son of the living god.